Adds more documentation for VaRA (#641)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/research_tool_docs/vara/instrumentations/print_instr.rst

Printing Instrumentation (``print``)
====================================

The printing instrumentation is one of the simplest ones, but a great way to debug larger programs.

> VaRA inserts at the beginning and end of the program, as well as, at every start/end of a region a print call that prints out the current regions name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VaRA inserts at the beginning and end of the program as well as at every start/end of a region a print call that prints the current region's name.
```

> An example output could look like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example output could look like this:
```
